feat: implementation of gsl::dyn_array (#1228)
microsoft/GSL: docs/headers.md

Convert the given value `I` to a `byte`. The template requires `I` to be in the valid range 0..255 for a `gsl::byte`.

## <a name="H-dyn_array" />`<dyn_array>`

> This header contains an owning dynamically allocated array type whose size is fixed between assignments.

Author: ```suggestion
This header contains an owning dynamically allocated array type whose size is fixed at construction.
```

- [`gsl::dyn_array`](#user-content-H-dyn_array-dyn_array)

### <a name="H-dyn_array-dyn_array" />`gsl::dyn_array`

```cpp
template <typename T, typename Allocator = std::allocator<T>>
class dyn_array;
```

`gsl::dyn_array` owns a contiguous sequence of `T` objects allocated with `Allocator`.

> The number of elements is established when the object is constructed and remains unchanged until the object is copy-assigned.

Author: ```suggestion
The number of elements is established when the object is constructed and remains unchanged.
```

constexpr dyn_array(size_type count, const T& value, const Allocator& alloc = {});
```

Constructs a `dyn_array` with `count` elements using `alloc`.
The first overload default-constructs each element.
The second overload constructs each element as a copy of `value`.

```cpp
template <typename InputIt>
constexpr dyn_array(InputIt first, InputIt last, const Allocator& alloc = {});
```

Constructs a `dyn_array` by copying the elements in the range `[first, last)`.

```cpp
template <std::ranges::input_range InputRg>
constexpr dyn_array(std::from_range_t, InputRg&& rg, const Allocator& alloc = {});
```

Constructs a `dyn_array` by copying the elements in `rg`.
This overload is available when container ranges are supported.

```cpp
constexpr dyn_array(const dyn_array& other, const Allocator& alloc = {});

constexpr dyn_array(std::initializer_list<T> init, const Allocator& alloc = {});
```

Constructs a `dyn_array` by copying the elements from another `dyn_array` or from an initializer list.

```cpp
constexpr auto operator=(const dyn_array& other) -> dyn_array&;

constexpr dyn_array(dyn_array&&) = delete;
dyn_array& operator=(dyn_array&&) = delete;
```

> Copy assignment replaces the contents with copies of the elements in `other`.

Author: This statement is not true. Delete this line and update the following line to reflect that copy assignment is explicitly deleted.

Move construction and move assignment are explicitly deleted.

##### Observers

```cpp
constexpr auto size() const;
constexpr auto empty() const;
constexpr auto max_size() const;
constexpr auto get_allocator() -> Allocator&;
```

Returns the number of elements, whether the array is empty, the maximum representable size, or the allocator used by the `dyn_array`.

##### Element access

```cpp
constexpr auto operator[](size_type pos) -> reference;
constexpr auto operator[](size_type pos) const -> const_reference;
```

Returns a reference to the element at the given index.
[`Expects`](#user-content-H-assert-expects) that `pos` is less than the `dyn_array`'s size.

```cpp
constexpr auto data();
constexpr auto data() const -> const T*;
```

Returns a pointer to the beginning of the contained data.
If the `dyn_array` is empty, this returns `nullptr`.

##### Iterators

```cpp
constexpr auto begin();
constexpr auto begin() const;
constexpr auto cbegin() const;

constexpr auto end();
constexpr auto end() const;
constexpr auto cend() const;
```

> Returns an iterator to the first element or to one past the last element.

Author: Maybe mention that this iterator can never be invalidated?
